= kete_browserid

An add-on for Kete (http://kete.net.nz) that replaces normal login with a browserid based login.

== Requirements

Kete 1.4 or using the master branch.

Uses the gem Faraday to make requests to browserid.org.

== Limitations

Not currently compatible with Kete's "anonymous actions" functionality as it replaces the login form with browserid.org form. Might also have an issue with kete_translatable_content add-on gem due to possible conflict with javascript (guess).

== Installation

You'll want to check to make sure that all your users have unique email addresses first:

script/console # specify production if necessary

>> User.has_non_unique_emails?

If this method returns true, you'll need to look at your user emails and come up with plan to change them. This gem puts a "validates_uniqueness" on email once it is in place. Actually if you have legacy users, you'll want to come up with a plan to move them to BrowserID logins anyway.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix in a corresponding branch (even better, make an issue first and name the branch with the ticket number in it)
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Horowhenua Library Trust. See LICENSE for details.
